Update README (#11)
Nullify-Platform/.github: profile/README.md

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/dP1XN7g.png" width="300">
  
## Enable secure development at scale

> Nullify is your autonomous agent that continuously finds and fixes security issues across your codebase from commit to merge.

Reviewer: maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Nullify is an autonomous application security team. It has agents that continuously find and fix security issues across your codebase from commit to merge.
```
